{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14660\viewh11260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.  pick a directory where files will be found and deposited.\
2.  pick an xml file, pick an instrument file?  or link an instrument file with an xml file.\
\
Y[i][k] = Sum (over j's ) vector[i][j]    x x[j][k]\
\
where Y is the result where i = cell ( or row in the fcs data file )\
                                                  j = detector\
                                                  k = event    \
\
FCS contains\
a matrix of cells as rows with measurements per detector across the row.\
\
An FCS file corresponds to a tube.\
\
Synethetic FMO Framework\
\
1.  Select a data folder where work will be done.\
2.  Select a matrix file.  this is any matrix file.  Use the array of detectors or dimensions in the matrix file.  This is key.\
3.  Assume there is only one .xml file.  Read the xml file and get out the voltage and area_scaling factors.\
4.  Also need the instrument parameter file.  \
5.  Each FCS file corresponds to a 'tube' and contains header information and a data matrix.  The data matrix is the n measurement values per dimension (that is per detector) per cell.  If there are 12 detectors and 50,000 cells ( or events), the matrix is 50,000 x 12.\
\
6.  For Each FCS file in the folder,\
      a.  Get the data matrix and the compensation matrix.  \
                 Multiple each row (vector ) by the compensation matrix and write this information out.  The methods AnalyzedData package, create the FCS header information for the new compensation data.  writeAugmentedData helps with this also.  \
      Look at the Compensation stuff and how it is inverting the matrices and how the FCS stuff is being done.  \
\
    b.  Next calculate the Adjusted PE-Scaling vector where \
            Adjusted PE/scaling vector =   ref area scaling / exp area scaling X (refPMTV / PMT voltage) ^ PMT exp.   \
                                                                   \ul ref area scaling\ulnone          *   \ul refPMTV\
                                                                   \ulnone exp area scaling            PMT voltage  ^PMT exp\
\
    c.  Now calculate the next part:\
             Data[i] x adjusted scaling[i] * matrix ( not yet determined).  Write out these new data values in the third section of the FCS file.}