{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11920\viewh13700\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Some more thoughts on the gui changes we discussed and also to get them down concretely.\
\
Scatter plot is log FSC vs log SSC, data is in the Y arrays in StainedControl and they are already natural log (ln) there. I think 2.5 to 3 decades is appropriate for both but Dave may have more specific ideas. If gate[] is Gate.RANGE then the data values are undefined so just ignore those.\
FSC is on the X axis and SSC is on the Y axis.\
\
Fluorescence plot will be the selected detector (col in the table) vs the primary detector in the StainedControl for that row. The data are in the X[row] and X[col] arrays and the row should be the horizontal axis. They should be displayed using Logicle scale with T=1<<18 and W=.5 I would guess. Again Dave may have better choices. You can get the Logicle code from the FACS cvs repository under that name. The scale() function with the parameters above will map data values in X[i][j] into 0 to 1, which you can then scale to the panel to draw.\
\
Dots in both plots should be colored according to gate[]. Don't really care how, you probably have better taste than I. gate[]==0 is the final data. Select a few thousand points at random to draw. We'll figure out some heuristic to set this better later.\
\
To be displayed as Strings\
Reagent, Primary detector and Spillover Detector of coefficient selected\
\
Results\
slope, slopeSigma\
goodness of fit\
\
Diagnostics\
intercept, interceptSigma,\
varianceSlope, varianceIntercept\
Linearity, Intercept, Autofluorescence - at the moment I think I can do this with one number for each\
\
some but not all of those already exist.\
\
\
the row will determine the scatter plot .\
the row and column will determine the fluorescence plot.\
\
Some more stuff for the diagnostics panel, percentages of: out of bounds, scatter gated, spectrum gated, autofluorescence, final.\
\
-----------------------------------------------\
StainedControl\
n events\
slope\
slopeSigma\
Nautofluorescence\
NspectrumGated\
Nfinal == Nevents }