{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11720\viewh12220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Always start this way!!\
http://java.sun.com/developer/technicalArticles/javase/swingworker/#Application\
\
\
\
public class MainFrame extends javax.swing.JFrame \{\
  ...\
\
  public static void main(String[] args) \{\
    SwingUtilities.invokeLater(new Runnable() \{\
      public void run() \{\
        new MainFrame().setVisible(true);\
      \}\
    \});\
  \}\
\}\
\
SwingWorker is abstract.  It has two type parameters T and V\
T type mean that the implementation's doInBackground() and get() methods will return values of T type.\
V types means that the implementation's publish() and process() methods will operate on values of type V.\
\
SwingerWorker has implementations for\
boolean cancel (boolean mayInterrupt)\
T get()\
T get (long timeout, TimeUnit unit)\
Boolean isCancelled()\
boolean isDone()\
\
Must implement\
protected T doInBackground() throws Exception\
\
doInBackground() is called by the worker's execute method to schedule the execution.\
\
override in SwingWorker if the worker object needs to update the GUI\
protected void done()  \
done() is called after the doInBackground method finishes.  \
Call get() in the done method to safely interact with any GUI components\
\
Intermediate results are data chunks that a worker thread can produce before providing a final result.  The worker thread publishes results of V type.\
override process ()method to work with intermediate results.\
\
SwingWorker.StateValue = \{ PENDING, STARTED, DONE \}  \
   When a thread is created, it goes to PENDING.  When doInBackground begins, worker thread enters the STARTED state.  Thread is DONE after doInBackground finishes.  Add listeners to receive notification of this property changes.\
\
Progress -- integer values from 0 through 100.  Worker thread notifies listeners when this property changes.\
As information is processed, call setProgress in the worker thread to update this property.  \
\
SwingWorker objects can't be reused, so create a new one as needed.  \
\
\
\
\
\
}